<h1>常用写作句式与语言结构</h1>


## 表示功能


Mitochodnria **act as** a signaling platform for apoptosis.

Mitochondrial functions **rely on** the presence of about 1000 (yeast) or 1500 (human) different proteins (Reinders et al. 2006; Pagliarini et al. 2008).

## 表示结构组成

In different mammalian cells and tissues, the mitochondrial lipid composition **is more or less identical**.

The major ... are ...

.. forms ..

Psd1 **decarboxylate**s phosphatidylserine (PS) to produce PE.

 The translocase of the outer membrane (TOM complex) **form**s the general entry gate for most of the mitochondrial precursor proteins.

The TOM complex **consists of** the pore-forming Tom40, the receptor proteins Tom20, Tom22 and Tom70 and three small Tom proteins, which are required for stability and assembly of the TOM machinery. 

The import pathways and mechanisms were studied in baker’s yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae, but **are largely conserved in** human mitochondria.

Proteins **are integrated into** the outer mitochondrial membrane by α-helical or β-barrel domains.


## 表示逻辑关系

**Although we are just at the beginning to understand the role of** lipid in mitochondrial protein biogenesis, **the fist studies already revealed fascinating insights into** the specific modulation of protein biogenesis steps by lipids.

**In the last years several studies indicated that** .....

**Numerous studies helped to elucidate** the composition and function of these translocases, **yet** **the impact of** the lipid composition of the mitochondrial membranes **on** protein sorting **was for long time only poorly understood**.

**Recent studies revealed** a remarkable importance of certain lipids for specific protein import routes, **in which** the best-studied lipid are CL and PE.

Recent studies **indicate that** the mitochondrial protein machineries are integrated into a sophisticated protein network (Becker et al.2012). 


The protein translocases **not only** directly cooperate
with each other to channel precursor proteins, **but are also** linked to distinct protein complexes like the respiratory chain, the mitochondrial contact site and cristae organizing system (MICOS) and the endoplasmic reticulum-mitochondria encounter structure (ERMES).

**In addition**, protein import via the TOM complex
is regulated by phosphorylation and thereby closely connected to the metabolic state of the cell.

Studies of the last years **demonstrated that** protein biogenesis is not only influenced by protein interactions and modifications, but also by the lipid composition of mitochondrial membranes.

The role of mitochondrial lipids for protein biogenesis **was
underestimated** for long time.

We **are just beginning to understand** how the lipid composition affects the membrane-bound protein translocases.

